this is the third mini Zephyr I've built
the first one worked really well save
the link in the description for video of
that but it eventually expired the
second one I built a couple months ago
and it had some funky flight
characteristics I think this was because
I pulled the leading edge on the top and
not on the bottom and I should have
beveled the top and bottom equally I
decided to build the third one because I
wanted an fpv platform to carry the
horizon HD v3 it's the same specs as the
last two it's just built better and more
solid I'm using the same motor a 1400 KB
blue wanderer with a 8 by 3.8 prop and a
25 amp ESC it runs off a 2200 milliamp
hour 3s lipo and with this I can get
about 15 minutes of flight time I'm
using 2 9 gram servos and a dragon link
receiver with the full range antenna for
the fpv I'm using the horizon HD v3 as
the camera and a 2.4 gigahertz 500
milliwatts transmitter with a standard
dipole antenna the total weight of this
plane is 22 ounces it's not underpowered
but a little more thrust would be nice I
really slow speeds it does get a little
Stolley
but it's still capable of pretty slow
flying in the future I'll do a bunch of
fpv with this plane and make a
compilation video
help
you
that's good shot right there
here are the specs so you can build your
own the bottom layer is six millimeter
depron and the top layer is half inch
pink insulation foam there is a carbon
rod right here and the elements are cut
two inches deep the CG is about eight
and 3/4 inches from the tip with a
little up trim the trailing edge is
beveled all on the top side and the
leading edge is beveled half on the top
and half on the bottom the horizon HD v3
is mounted on a fat popsicle stick and
that's mounted onto foam that's cut down
into the wing the size of the vertical
stabilizers don't really matter make
them about this size if you build it
good luck thanks for watching bye